some blood sick
Productions having you met a love story
full of arsonic and witchery they said
on the news that they found some guy's
dead body on the side of the cliff and
they think that witches did
it there have been a string of murders
lately that seem to have a Common Thread
of mysticism and signs of pagan
ritual we noticed other parts of the
corpse had been moved notably the man's
heart another South Philadelphia
resident has fallen to the still
unexplained plague deemed the Widow
Maker which brings the body count up to
33 married men with no discernable cause
of death we're expanding the search area
we think there may be more body parts
nearby what the
[__] I'm looking for some sort of
unorthodox form of marriage counseling
Milo if you had spent all your time
watching these trashy movies made by
psychopath is awesome all our
d a queer romance cursed by black magic
in the
cult star Morgan
mum does this say semen and a glass of
milk
Zoel circles and square pizza in video
rewinding get high Jos shaer
[Music]
enemy
neut [__] bits you poison me and
Casper melted
[Music]
[Applause]
hair I need I need some J and some
donuts while I'm watching these monster
movies go go go our main clue is is the
recurring image of a black
Cube coming of the Black
[Music]
Cube oh [__] real [__] M ohly [__]